Build Sync (#1600)
zeldaret/mm: README.md

cd mm
```

#### 3. Prepare a base ROM

Place a copy of the US ROM inside the `baseroms/us/` folder.

> Rename the file to `baserom.z64`, `baserom.n64` or `baserom.v64`, depending on the original extension..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rename the file to `baserom.z64`, `baserom.n64` or `baserom.v64`, depending on the original extension.
```
Extra period

#### 4. Make and Build the ROM

To start the extraction/build process, run the following command:

```bash
make init
```

> This downloads some dependencies (from pip), and compiles tools for the build process, extracts all the individual files in the ROM into a newly created baserom folder, as well as decompress the compressed files in a newly created decomp folder. This will create the build folders as well as a new folder with the ASM as well as containing the disassemblies of nearly all the files containing code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build process:
1. Fetches dependencies: Downloads necessary tools from pip.
2. Prepares build environment: Compiles tools for the build process.
3. Extracts ROM contents:
    - Creates a baserom folder to house individual files extracted from the ROM.
    - Decompresses compressed files into a decomp folder.
4. Builds and disassembles code:
    - Creates folders for the build process.
    - Generates a folder containing ASM files and disassemblies of most code-containing files.
```
This gives a more clear outline of the process I think.

Author: Adjusted wording slightly, let me know if it still works.

cd mm
```

#### 3. Prepare a base ROM

Place a copy of the US ROM inside the `baseroms/n64-us/` folder.

Rename the file to `baserom.z64`, `baserom.n64` or `baserom.v64`, depending on the original extension.

#### 4. Make and Build the ROM

To start the extraction/build process, run the following command:

```bash
make init
```

The extraction/build process:
1. Fetches dependencies: Downloads necessary tools from pip.
2. Prepares build environment: Compiles tools for the build process.
3. Extracts ROM contents:
    - Creates a baserom folder to house individual files extracted from the ROM.
    - Decompresses compressed files into a decomp folder.
4. Disassembles code:
    - Creates folders for the build process.
    - Generates a folder containing ASM files and disassemblies of most code-containing files.

> 5. Builds the ROM

Reviewer 2: This is missing asset extraction, isn't it?

Author: Expanded on this. Let me know if I should add/change anything.
